Document in-element in the Guides (#1492) (#1700)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/helper-functions.md

```

In the component's template, you can then use the `person` object:
```handlebars {data-filename=app/components/greeting/template.hbs}
Hello, {{@person.givenName}} {{@person.familyName}}
```

### The `in-element` helper

> Using the [`{{in-element}}`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.27/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/in-element?anchor=in-element) helper, you can render content into a specific DOM element that is in a different part of the page. For instance, we might want
> to render a modal, tooltip or dropdown.

Reviewer: I used underscores to highlight the word "different." This way, I think we can remove the word "specific," which is a bit redundant.

```suggestion
Using the [`{{in-element}}`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.27/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/in-element?anchor=in-element) helper, you can render content into a DOM element that is in a _different_ part of the page. For instance, we might want
to render a modal, tooltip, or dropdown.
```

> Let's say I wanted to show a dropdown when a button is clicked on.
> 
> Below, we have the button we want to click on, a div element that will hold the dropdown and the dropdown component. We pass in `showDropdown` that will add the dropdown into our div.

Reviewer: I think the following sentence will sound more natural when read. What do you think?

```suggestion
Suppose we want to show a dropdown when the user clicks on a button. The code below shows a `<button>` element, a placeholder `<div>` element, and a dropdown component. The argument `@show`, when set to `true`, will add the dropdown to the placeholder div.
```

Author: Absolutely!

```handlebars {data-filename=app/components/some-component.hbs}

>   <button type="button" {{on "click" this.onClickShowDropdown}}>More Actions</button>

Reviewer: To help with code readability, I recommend dedicating a line for each argument, etc.

```suggestion
  <button
    type="button"
    {{on "click" this.onClickShowDropdown}}
  >
    More Actions
  </button>

```

Reviewer: To help with semantics and code maintenance, can we provide better names than `More Actions` and `onClickShowDropdown`?

I don't know the context that you had in mind (i.e. why would the user see `Archive`, `Mark as Read`, and `Report`?) to give a suggestion for the former.

For the latter, I could suggest `showDropdown` (this would require renaming the Boolean tracked property to `isDropdownShown`) and `insertDropdown`.

Author: Done. Yup this example is a dropdown.

  <div id="dropdown-destination" />

  <MyDropdownComponent
    @show={{this.showDropdown}}
  />
```

When the user clicks on the button, the flag `showDropdown` will be set to `true`.
```js {data-filename=app/components/some-component.js}
  @tracked
  showDropdown = false;

  @action
  onClickShowDropdown() {
    this.showDropdown = true;
  }
```

> Since `showDropdown` is passed into `MyDropdownComponent` as `show`, when `show` is `true`, the `in-element` helper is activated. We pass in `destinationElement` into `in-element` which contains the destination DOM element. The `in-element` helper will take the content block and render into the destination element.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph doesn't get to the point as well as it could. What do you think about:

```suggestion
The dropdown component uses the argument `@show` to activate the `in-element` helper. We must **provide the destination DOM element** to the helper. In other words, where should the helper render its block content?
```

?

Author: That's good

```handlebars {data-filename=app/components/my-dropdown-component.hbs}
{{#if @show}}
  {{#in-element this.destinationElement}}
    <ul>
      <li>Archive</li>
      <li>Mark as Read</li>
      <li>Report</li>
    </ul>
  {{/in-element}}
{{/if}}
```

```js {data-filename=app/components/my-dropdown-component.js}
  get destinationElement() {
    return document.querySelector('#dropdown-destination');
  }
```

After the user clicks on the button, the final HTML result for the div will be like this:
```html
  <div id="dropdown-destination">
    <ul>
      <li>Archive</li>
      <li>Mark as Read</li>
      <li>Report</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
```

Things to note:

> - The destination element needs to exist in the DOM before we use the helper. If not, an error will be thrown in development mode, but not in production.
> - When the destination element changes, the contents defined in `in-element` will re-render completely.
> - By default, the `in-element` helper will replace the entire contents of the destination element. If we want it to just append, we need to pass `insertBefore=null`.

Reviewer: I found the 3rd point confusing (the API documentation wasn't as clear as it could be either). I think what you and the documentation meant to say is the following. Can you check?

```suggestion
- The destination element needs to exist in the DOM before we use the helper. Otherwise, an error will be thrown if you are in development mode. The error is not thrown in production.
- When the destination element changes, the content defined in `in-element` will re-render completely.
- By default, the `in-element` helper replaces the destination element's existing content with the helper's block content. If you want to instead append the block content, you can pass `insertBefore=null`.
```

Author: Yup!
